Update root and todo readme files. (#67)
dgraph-io/graphql-sample-apps: README.md

<div style="padding-top: 5px; padding-bottom: 20px; margin-bottom:20px;">
  <h1 align="center">
    One-Click Deployable Apps with<br />
    <a href="https://dgraph.io/slash-graphql" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://dgraph.io/assets/images/slashgraphql-logo.svg" alt="Slash GraphQL" />
    </a><br />

>     A fully managed GraphQL backend service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A fully-managed GraphQL backend service
```

  </h1>
</div>

<p align="center">

> This repository contains sample GraphQL applications powered by Dgraph. <br />As these apps are developed they will be made available for one-click deployment on <a href="https://dgraph.io/slash-graphql" target="_blank">Slash GraphQL</a>.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains sample GraphQL applications powered by Dgraph database. <br />As these apps are developed they will become available for one-click deployment on <a href="https://dgraph.io/slash-graphql" target="_blank">Slash GraphQL</a>.</p>
```
